bpo-17505 : [doc] email.header.Header.__unicode__ does not decode header (#31765)
python/cpython: Doc/library/email.parser.rst

   ``Parser().parsestr(s)``.  *_class* and *policy* are interpreted as
   with the :class:`~email.parser.Parser` class constructor.

>    To get a decoded message, set policy as 'email.policy.default'. For

Reviewer: Maybe this should say "to decode message headers" instead of "to get a decoded message".

Author: Thanks for your comments. Its updated. 

The link is provided to the policy instead of BytesFeedParser as it has details on different policy options. Hope that is fine.

>    To decode message headers, set policy as 'email.policy.default'. For

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To decode message headers, set *policy* to ``email.policy.default``. For
```

Reviewer 3: Perhaps 'set policy *to* ...' would flow a bit better as well. In the issue, Hrvoje also suggested [some improvements](https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/61707#issuecomment-1093611366) to `Parser` that seems useful as well.
